Xiaoyue, go ahead, we're leaving first
Crescent Moon
What happened to Xiaoxue
You have that background
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
My dad just came back
I don't know about Hyun-in-law either.
What I did before was wrong, can you forgive me?
What did you call me when you saw me?
I call you Hyun-in-law
You are from Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
The eldest young master is just like our Xiaoxue
Ah no no no no no
Do you like our Xiaoxue?
That's our family's honor.
What do you mean, Xiaoxue?
I'm ignoring you
Hehe, what if you have no opinion about this child?
Let's find a time to settle the marriage.
No no no just today
We're getting married today
This is so fast, I'm not ready yet
What's there to prepare?
Are you willing?
Uh I have something to do
I live a long time now